What's the situation?
Does Zhao Ruolan really have achievements?
It shouldn't be.
I'm clean, why can't I get results?
I'll know when the results come out in a while.
I lied
Or is Zhang Wanglong lying?
Today I will not only prove my innocence
And get justice for my dad
Chairperson, since Zhao Ruolan's results are out
Why not announce it as soon as possible?
I just published his ranking.
He not only broke the Olympic record this time
Historical records before the Yuan Dynasty
Just think about it.
Zhao Ruolan, a young girl
To achieve such incredible results
What happens if it's made public?
The whole world will definitely question it
Under public opinion
It is likely to destroy Zhao Ruolan, a good seedling
Nice
So we must get to Zhaojiacun as soon as possible
Take out evidence to protect Zhao Ruolan as soon as possible
Hold up for Zhao Ruolan